TODO.md, before:

# List of things to do for Armoured Commander

## Development
- Combine README.md and readme.txt into README.md and CHANGELOG
- Flip files to Linux line ending
- Replace tabulations by spaces in Python scripts

## Bugs to investigate
- Canadian crew starts campaign with broken gun

## Improvements
### Gameplay and content
- Adding cities of origin for Canadian crew members
- Adding Crew dialog diversity
- Difficulty settings (Veterant, Regular, Reserve)
- More campaigns (Russian...)
- More diversity of enemies
- More tank variants
- Replacement crew may already have some skills
  
### UI improvements
- Consistency (ESC, ENTER, SPACE...)
- Make menus more accessible on laptops (1, 2, 3... plus F1, F2, F3...)
- Mouse less mode
  
### Game and installation
- Maintain Windows and OSX executables
  
### Manual
- Update Manual
- Write a quick start section
- Write installation section

## v1.04 (completed)
- Include all dependent libraries (Linux or OSX from terminal)

## v1.03 (completed)
- advancing fire now no longer possible if main gun is malfunctioning or broken
- fixed a rare crash when moving in a counterattack mission
- added additional hometowns for Canadian crew
- hometown text transcoded properly to handle accented characters (UTF-8 -> IBM850)
- added additional strings for in-battle crew observations
- added text description of gun sounds when hidden unidentified enemy fires with a gun

Commit message:

Fix Main Gun Broken bug at game start

TODO.md, after:

# List of things to do for Armoured Commander

## Development
- Combine README.md and readme.txt into README.md and CHANGELOG
- Flip files to Linux line ending
- Replace tabulations by spaces in Python scripts

## Bugs to investigate

## Improvements
### Gameplay and content
- Adding cities of origin for Canadian crew members
- Adding Crew dialog diversity
- Difficulty settings (Veterant, Regular, Reserve)
- More campaigns (Russian...)
- More diversity of enemies
- More tank variants
- Replacement crew may already have some skills
  
### UI improvements
- Consistency (ESC, ENTER, SPACE...)
- Make menus more accessible on laptops (1, 2, 3... plus F1, F2, F3...)
- Mouse less mode
  
### Game and installation
- Maintain Windows and OSX executables
  
### Manual
- Update Manual
- Write a quick start section
- Write installation section

## v1.04 (completed)
- BugFix: Tanks were begining with Main Gun broken
- Included all dependent libraries (Linux or OSX from terminal)

## v1.03 (completed)
- advancing fire now no longer possible if main gun is malfunctioning or broken
- fixed a rare crash when moving in a counterattack mission
- added additional hometowns for Canadian crew
- hometown text transcoded properly to handle accented characters (UTF-8 -> IBM850)
- added additional strings for in-battle crew observations
- added text description of gun sounds when hidden unidentified enemy fires with a gun
